Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee.
Today we are very honored and having with us an old friend of mine.
They distinguished a senator from the State of Pennsylvania, Senator Hugh Scott.
Welcome to our program and I know your friends in Tennessee will be glad to see you again, Hugh.
Well, I'm delighted to be here as this.
I appreciate the opportunity to talk to all your friends all over the state of Tennessee.
Well, thank you and for your information, friends.
Senator Scott came to the House of Representatives in 1941, two years after I did.
And I had a nice office which I moved out of about that time.
I believe you mean...
I got your office.
I got my office.
Then in 1948 and 49, as you will remember, a congressman's got it that time as the chairman of the Republican National Committee.
So, succeeding our colleague and the Carolries of Tennessee.
And then Senator Scott came to the Senate two years ago and is one of the leaders of the United States Senate.
Friends, today we want to talk for a little while about something that everybody is interested in.
We all talk about juvenile delinquency and bad effects and bad influences upon children.
One thing that we know about and everybody is trying to do something about is to stop the flow of indecent illicit pornographic literature,
which is being sent through the males and otherwise to the youth of our land trying to poison their minds.
Senator Scott has introduced a resolution which I'm co-sponsored, which I think is the most far-reaching effort to try to bring people together overall to do something about this problem that we have had in the Congress of the United States.
And Senator Scott, would you tell us about the resolution that you have filed?
Well, that's just the resolution authorizes and directs the president to call a conference to develop ways and means of controlling traffic in obscene literature and materials.
It would have the president calling that conference a federal and state and local officials, representatives of civic organizations,
persons who are primarily interested, it would call for the help of the office of the Postmaster General, the Secretary of Health Education and Welfare, advice from the Department of Justice,
and would seek to attack this problem from every possible standpoint and come up with recommendations as to where legislation is needed.
And I recall that in the first session of this Congress, you introduced Senate Bill 2562 and it was co-sponsored by a number of senators, and that is one of the approaches which certainly has to be given serious consideration, which is the approach by criminal penalty and by increased penalties for the second and third offenses.
And you certainly ought to be congratulated for having started the ball rolling over here.
Now, in following up the impetus which you and your associates gave in this bill, it's my thought that we will also approach it from the standpoint of federal state cooperation, from the standpoint of education, of arousing and focusing public opinion,
and from every other aspect which this study group could consider.
Well, I want to say that as a former chairman and as a member of the juvenile delinquency subcommittee, we have been working on this problem, and I think this is a,
but it never has been brought together, the local people, the state and the federal people, and that's a great effort.
Incidentally, an in Tennessee, the federated women's clubs have been doing a great job in civic organizations.
Well, what is the outlook for this very plan?
Well, I would, I have no reason to believe that there is any opposition. We are going to ask for hearings, the White House, I believe will take a favorable attitude to it, and I'm very hopeful that something can be done.
Well, I know the Postmaster General will because he certainly has been carrying on a great crusade, and he's estimated this traffic to be $500 million a year, which is terrible.
Well, our time is up, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much, Senator Scott.
Thank you very much, Senator.
We'll see you again soon.